ACP-2626 Added Marketplace documentation. (#2739)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/202404.0/base-shop/third-party-integrations/stripe/connect-and-configure-stripe.md

You also need to define when this should happen. You have several options here which are default options provided by the OMS. The simplest solution is to set a state-machine-timeout for the `MerchantPayoutCommandByOrderPlugin` command. This will trigger the command after the timeout is reached. You can also define your own conditions and triggers for the command.

You can also set up a cronjob that triggers the event for the transition when you have more sophisticated requirements e.g. transfer money to merchants every last friday of the month.

### App Configuration

The Stripe App is capable of handling payments in a Marketplace context. This can be configured in the AppStore Catalog by selecting the business model "Marketplace". When selecting the Marketplace business model, you need to pass the required configuration values for:
- Stripe Account ID
- Stripe Publishable Key
- Stripe Secret Key

> When you save the configuration an asynchronous message will be sent to your application to get details for Merchants on how to onboard to the Stripe App. The onboarding is required to let Stripe know which Merchants are part of the Marketplace and to handle the payments, transfer money, and reverse transfers accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you save the configuration your Merchant Portal application will be updated and the page with Payment Settings will get the functionality of onboarding a merchant to the Stripe. The onboarding is required to let Stripe know which Merchants are part of the Marketplace and to handle the payments, transfer money, and reverse transfers accordingly.
```

> From this moment your customers can use Stripe to pay for their orders.

Reviewer: I would swap Configuring Transfers and App Configuration, so a user must first connect and configure the app.
